Doc/#1209 - #1250 - Add documentation page for each application and page template (#1263)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tp_templates/pages/login_page.md

!!! note "Available in Taipy Enterprise edition"

    This section is relevant only to the [Taipy Enterprise Edition](https://taipy.io/enterprise).

    [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

During the development process of a Taipy application, adding a login page is a common requirement for the user to authenticate and access the application.

> To reduce the development time, Taipy provides a login page template, which is designed as a best practice page for authenticating in a Taipy application by leveraging Taipy visual elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the development time, Taipy provides a login page template, which is designed as a best practice page for authenticating in a Taipy application.
```

  <figcaption>Taipy login page created by the login page template out-of-the-box.</figcaption>
</figure>

This page template offers several key benefits:

- **Ease of Use**: The page template is designed to be user-friendly, with a simple CLI interface
    that guides developers through the page creation process on top of existing application.
    The pages then can be easily customized and plugged into the application.
- **Comprehensive Features**: The template provides a best-practice page scaffold for a login page
    which provides a comprehensive solution for authentication use cases.
- **Customization**: The template provides high flexibility and customization options on page
    creation, allowing developers to tailor the page to meet specific requirements and use cases.

# How to create a page

To create a page from the login template, change to the folder of the application in
which you want to create the page and run `taipy create --page login` from the CLI. Then
answer a few questions to customize your page.

```console
$ taipy create --page login
  [1/2] Page title (login_page):
  [2/2] The folder that contains the pages (pages):

> New Taipy login page has been created at ./pages/login_page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Taipy login page created at ./pages/login_page
```
or
```suggestion
The new Taipy login page has been created at ./pages/login_page
```

```

??? info "Default answers"

    In the CLI, the default answer for each question is displayed in the square brackets.
    You can provide an answer or press Enter to use the default value.

Each question in the CLI corresponds to a specific aspect of the page. The following
sections describe each question in detail.

## 1. Page title

- Specifies the title of the page.
- The default value is "login_page".

## 2. The folder that contains the pages

- Specifies the path of the folder that contains the generated page.
- The path is relative to the current working directory. The folder will be created if not exist.
- The default value is "pages".

# Page description

The generated page has the following folder structure:

```plaintext
pages/
├──── login_page/
│   ├──── __init__.py
│   └──── login.py
│
└──── __init__.py
```

Your page's folder structure may vary depending on the answers you provided during the
creation process. Here is a brief overview of the key components:

- *pages/*: The folder that contains the page specified in the second question.

>     - *login_page/login.py* contains the login form. It includes the [login](../../refmans/gui/viselements/generic/login.md) visual element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *login_page/login.py* contains the login form. It includes a [login](../../refmans/gui/viselements/generic/login.md) control.
```

    - *\_\_init\_\_.py* is the file that imports the newly created page in the `pages` package.

# Customizing the page

Everything in the generated page can be updated to precisely fit your specific requirements.

> The login form can be customized via the [login](../../refmans/gui/viselements/generic/login.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login form can be customized via the [`login`](../../refmans/gui/viselements/generic/login.md)
```

visual element.

> Out-of-the-box, pressing the "Login" button will trigger the `on_login()` method. You can modify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out-of-the-box, pressing the "Login" button will trigger the *on_login()* function. You can modify
```

> the `on_login()` method to handle the authentication logic, such as checking the user's credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the definition of this function to handle the authentication logic, such as checking the user's credentials
```
